Add iOS startup docs (#5132)
toggl/mobileapp: docs/app-lifecycle/startup-ios.md

# The iOS Startup

This document explains the iOS startup and also how the ViewModels are injected on the different `ViewController` instances.

## Startup

> As with any other iOS application, `AppDelegate` is the class responsible for controling the app lifecycle. For mantainabilty, this class is `partial` and splitted in several files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As with any other iOS application, `AppDelegate` is the class responsible for controlling the app lifecycle. For maintainability, this class is `partial` and split into several files.
```

> The app startup happens on `AppDelegate.FinishedLaunching`. The initialization follow these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The app startup happens on `AppDelegate.FinishedLaunching`. The initialization follows these steps:
```

> 1. Create a window and make it key and visible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Creating a window and make it key and visible.
```

> 1. Create the different view presenters, these all depend on the the window and app delegate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Creating the view presenters. These all depend on `Window` and `AppDelegate`.
```

> 1. Calling `IosDependencyContainer.Instance.EnsureInitialized` injects the view presenter and ensures our dependency container is ready to be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Calling `IosDependencyContainer.Instance.EnsureInitialized`, which injects the view presenter and ensures our dependency container is ready to be used.
```

> 1. Create the app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Creating the app.
```

> 1. Calling `app.Start()` will navigate to the first viewmodel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Calling `app.Start()`, which will navigate to the first ViewModel.
```

## URL-based navigation

`AppDelegate.OpenUrl` is the entry point for all url-based navigations, from inside or outside the app. Because this method is part of the app lifecycle and it's called after `AppDelegate.FinishedLaunching`, we don't need to ensure the app is initialized.
All urls with the `toggl` scheme are forwarded to the `UrlHandler`.

## ReactiveViewController

> `ReactiveViewController`, ahd it's twin `ReactiveTableViewController`, are our implementation of `IView`. All our view controllers are subclasses of these two parent classes (with a few exceptions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ReactiveViewController`, and its twin `ReactiveTableViewController`, are our implementation of `IView`. All our view controllers are subclasses of these two parent classes (with a few exceptions).
```

> The `ReactiveViewController` parent class is responsible for binding their own lifecycle with the view model lifecycle.

Reviewer: The usage of the word parent here is a bit confusing. Base would be clearer

> The ViewModel property in `ReactiveViewController` is not readonly, but should be used like that (there's an exception that doesn't allow us to have an actual readonly property).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ViewModel` property in `ReactiveViewController` is not read-only but should be used like that (there's an exception that doesn't allow us to have an actual read-only property).
```
